Let's add a log out button so that we are able to leave the app or lock the user out or add a log out
method in my office service.
And here I can then call Firebrace off again and there's simply the sign out method to well let firewalls
clean up the storage bins on what I will do though is I will reset the token in days.
Appier So in terms of service and log out should because from the hetero component of course.
There I want to display another link in the case that we are logged in.
This link here should of course leads to the log out page.
However it will not lead to a route it should simply give us the style of having a cruiser which looks
like a pointer so that we can click it and then have a click listener which will execute on log out.
So I will say log out on the link and Endal on log out method and you have a component here.
Well all I want to do here is I want to exercise my office service and call the log out method.
Now the remaining pieces to only show this link.
If we are offending hated so I will add NGF to it.
Of course you could also use N-G template to wrap that and to drop down an access to you.
All service is authenticated method here too.
And I will quickly just wrap this over multiple lines so that you can see what's going on here.
So with days in place if we now saved us we should have a log out button especially if we changed his
typo fix this year to off service.
Now we should have a log out button as soon as I do log any year.
So with the credentials locked in Fahid log out we go back to the log in state.
Now what I want to do is I want to make sure that the routing is in line with our sign up status.
So we aren't allowed to access new recipe if we are not locked in.
And on the other hand if we do a log in I want to get redirected and not stay on this page.
So these are things I will take care about in the next Electra's